(Tabs)
Home - about - story - how it works - roadmap - Team - faq
-——————

(Landing picture of cats with animated portal)
A Collection of 10,000 uniquely beautiful Cat NFTs have landed on the Blockchain.
-———————

(About)
Kaiyocats is a collection of 10,000 uniquely beautiful cat NFTs with over 170+ different traits and awesome enhancments with every chapter, were sure you'll find a Kaiyocat that will represent you in the metaverse. 

(Place Pictures of Kaiyocats in slideshow moving left to right, or changing pics)

-—————————-

(Story)
The Kaiyocats safely landed in pods from the outer brims of space. Initially, we knew little of why they arrived or where the came from, only that they hope to start a new life. 

Now the Kaiyocats nestle a nearby town, purring in curiosity & ready to tell their story. In this pocket of the metaverse, cats are celebrated and loved - and in return, they fuel humanity with their stories, intellect and power.

---
(Place Website Comic here) - Chapter 1 - Origins
-—————————-

(Kaiyo Warriors, get ready for battle!)

In this first chapter you will be able to get your hands on Ores. These Ores are NFTs you can earn and swap for each chapter advancement, enhancment or transformation. Don't worry if you miss the chapter 1 advancement because there will be awesome new one's with each new chapter of the Kaiyocats story.

How it works:
1. Choose your Kaiyocats nft to advance(add 1.naked cat nft picture to this part)
2. Swap your gold, silver or bronze ore for a KaiyoCat weapon.(add ores & weapons file)
3. Attach your weapon to you kaiyocat to advance.(show 3.cat with weapon file attached)

There are only 2000 weapons available so you will want to get your ores fast.
-——————-

(Roadmap- not any special graphic just nice looking)

Our roadmap will be in phases to keep it simple & clear aswell as keeping it exciting.

Phase 1.
Launch
Kaiyocats warrior advancement
Staking
Chapter 1 Finale & Kaiyo holder surprise

Phase 2.
Chapter 2 - Escaped 

Our roadmap is not static and we will continue to get better with the fast evolving NFT space.

List is not including our collabs, partnerships, drops & other cool stuff we don't want frontrun.

-———————-
(Our focus)
With aspirations of metaverse integration and implementation of practical holder utilities, our team at Kaiyocats is focused on advancing not only the community, but also testing the limits of technology and artistic freedoms within Web3. Through our project, The Kaiyocats team firstly aims to create an inclusive and refreshing community where people can build new friendships, create new connections, and explore new pieces of the metaverse in unity. By building a space for our community and hosting interactive events to inspire enthusiasm and excitement in tandem, we will do our best to bring smiles to all Kaiyocats members. 

(Team names)
Jason
Co founder/Writer

Angela
Co founder

Alasyiq
Lead artist

Cari
Lead Dev

Malakai
Community manager

Jonath
Web comic artist

Liosan
Manga artist
-—————-

FAQ

What is our goal? 
KaiyoCats is a community focused project centered around story creation, utility building, collaboration, adventure and long term connection. It is our goal to build a large community of likeminded people, creators, builders & dreamers that can help bring great changes to the NFT space.

What blockchain will KaiyoCats be on? 
TBA

When will KaiyoCats launch? 
TBA

What is the total supply of Nfts? 
KaiyoCats is a collection of 10,000 KaiyoCats NFTs.

Do I own the own the IP Rights to my Kaiyocats NFT?
Yes, all holders of a Kaiyocats NFT have full IP Rights. We'd love to know it was a KaiyoCat that helped with your dream business.

Where can I buy a KaiyoCats NFT? After mint you will be able to purchase a Kaiyocats NFTs on the secondary market Opensea.

What are Ore's?
Ores are NFT's you can swap for each chapter advancement/enhancements.

How do I get Ore's?
Everyone who owns a Kaiyocats NFT is able to claim a free(plus gas fee) random Ore NFT.

How many times can I enhance my KaiyoCat?
Each Kaiyocat can be advanced,enhanced or transformed once